Add OAuth2 Proxy post (#1208)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2022-06-28-add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy.adoc

---
layout: blog_post
title: "Add Auth to any app with OAuth2 Proxy"
author: brian-demers
by: advocate
communities: [devops,security,java]
description: ""
tags: [java, oauth2, oidc, oauth2-proxy]
tweets:
- ""
- ""
- ""

> image:

Reviewer: I guess TODO

type: conversion
---
:page-liquid:
:toc: macro
:experimental:

Updating an application to use OAuth 2.0 doesn't need to be complicated. Most of the time, your language or framework will already have an OAuth library. Sometimes, this isn't the case, and you need to find an alternative. In this post, I'll walk through setting up and using OAuth2 Proxy to secure your application without any code changes!

https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy/[OAuth2 Proxy] is a reverse proxy that sits in front of your application and handles the complexities of OpenID Connect / OAuth 2.0 for you; requests that make it to your application have already been authorized!

image::{% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy-diagram.jpg' %}[alt=OAuth2 Proxy basic usage diagram,align=center]

**Prerequisites**

> * https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/[Docker]

Reviewer: is docker compose pre installed on mac? on linux I have to install it as an add on

Author: Good call, It's installed as part of Docker Desktop. I'll add a note about that
```suggestion
* https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/[Docker] and https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/[Docker Compose]
```

* https://httpie.io/cli[Httpie] (A user friendly HTTP client)
* https://cli.okta.com/[Okta CLI] (Configures applications in Okta)
* https://sdkman.io/[Java 17] (optional)

toc::[]

== An application without security

First things first, we need an application. You can use any web application, but for this post, I'll stick with a Java Spring Boot app that will echo the details of the inbound HTTP request. Echoing the request information will help visualize the additional HTTP headers added by OAuth2 Proxy, such as the user's email address.

> You can grab the project from https://github.com/TBD[GitHub]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grab the project from https://github.com/bdemers/okta-oauth2-proxy-example[GitHub]
```

[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/bdemers/okta-oauth2-proxy-example.git -b start
cd okta-oauth2-proxy-example
----

> IMPORTANT: If you want to skip to the end, check out the `main` branch instead.

Reviewer: this line doesnt feel clear, though I get what you mean, someone could get confused

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you want to see the completed project, check out the `main` branch instead.
```

If you are a Java fan, you can start the application by running `./mvnw spring-boot:run`. Everyone else can run the following Docker commands:

[source,bash]
----
docker build --tag echo-app .
docker run -p 8080:8080 echo-app
----

Once the application is running, open up your browser or access the web application in your terminal with HTTPie:

[source,bash]
----
http localhost:8080/echo
----

TIP: When using HTTPie, you can omit "localhost" and just type `http :8080/echo`! 😎

You will see a response that looks something like this:

[source,json]
----
{
    "body": null,
    "clientIpAddress": "172.17.0.1",
    "cookies": [],
    "headers": {
        "accept": "*/*",
        "accept-encoding": "gzip, deflate",
        "connection": "keep-alive",
        "host": "localhost:8080",
        "user-agent": "HTTPie/3.2.1"
    },
    "httpVersion": "HTTP/1.1",
    "method": "GET",
    "queryString": null,
    "startedDateTime": "2022-06-24T18:52:07.853663255Z",
    "url": "http://localhost:8080/echo"
}
----

Now that we have a working application, let's secure it!

Before moving on to the next section, stop the app with kbd:[Ctrl + C], don't worry; we will start it back up in a minute.

> == Setup Okta

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Set up Okta
```
two word verb

> To secure our application with OAuth 2.0, we are going to need an OAuth Identity Provider (IdP). Just about any OpenID Connect (OIDC) capable server should work, https://auth0.com/[Auth0], https://www.keycloak.org/[Keycloak], but this is an Okta blog, so let's use Okta.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To secure our application with OAuth 2.0, we are going to need an OAuth Identity Provider (IdP). Just about any OpenID Connect (OIDC) capable server should work, such as https://auth0.com/[Auth0] or https://www.keycloak.org/[Keycloak], but this is an Okta blog, so let's use Okta.
```

If you don't already have one, you'll need a free Okta developer account. Install the https://cli.okta.com/[Okta CLI]

> and from the project directory, run `okta start` to sign up for a new account and configure this application!

Reviewer: I didn't know okta start also did registration

NOTE: If you already have an Okta account, run `okta login` first.

> .What does the Okta CLI do?

Reviewer: aren't we suppose to use the CLI include for this?

Author: Good catch, I actually need to create an issue to track this.  #1214
The CLI include script only supports the `okta apps create` command and not the `okta start` command.

[%collapsible]
====

The Okta CLI will create an OIDC Web App in your Okta Org. It will add the required redirect URIs and grant access to the Everyone group. You will see output like the following when it's finished:

[source,shell]
----
Okta application configuration has been written to: .env
----

Run `cat .env` (or `type .env` on Windows) to see the issuer and credentials for your app.

[source,properties]
----
ISSUER=https://dev-133337.okta.com/oauth2/default
CLIENT_ID=0oab8eb55Kb9jdMIr5d6
CLIENT_SECRET=NEVER-SHOW-SECRETS
----
====

> == Setup OAuth2 Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Set up OAuth2 Proxy
```
two-word verb

> There are two ways to use OAuth2 Proxy: route your traffic through it directly or use it with the Nginx `auth_request` directive. I'd recommend routing traffic through Nginx if possible, but I'll walk both options and explain my recommendation below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to use OAuth2 Proxy: route your traffic through it directly or use it with the Nginx `auth_request` directive. I'd recommend routing traffic through Nginx if possible, but I'll walk through both options and explain my recommendation below.
```
missing word

To reduce the number of moving parts, I'll leave Nginx out to start with; all of our web traffic will flow through OAuth2 Proxy. Users who access the echo web application will be redirected to Okta to sign in. Once they have signed in, OAuth2 Proxy will set a session cookie. OAuth2 Proxy will validate the session before passing the request to the echo web app in future requests.

image::{% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy-browser.svg' %}[alt=Sequence Diagram showing auth redirect and valid request,align=center,link={% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy-browser.svg' %}]

This example is going to outgrow manually using `docker run` commands; switch to using `docker compose` to start the echo web-app and oauth2-proxy.

> Let's start simple and increase the complexity as we go along, create a `docker-compose.yml` with oauth2-proxy and the web app from above:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's start simple and increase the complexity as we go along. Create a `docker-compose.yml` with oauth2-proxy and the web app from above:
```
2 sentences

====
[source,yaml]
----
version: "3.7"
services:

  web-app: # <.>
    build: .

  oauth2-proxy:
    image: bitnami/oauth2-proxy:7.3.0
    command:
      - --http-address
      - 0.0.0.0:4180 # <.>
    environment:
      OAUTH2_PROXY_UPSTREAMS: http://web-app:8080/ # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_PROVIDER_DISPLAY_NAME: Okta
      OAUTH2_PROXY_PROVIDER: oidc # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_OIDC_ISSUER_URL: ${ISSUER}
      OAUTH2_PROXY_CLIENT_ID: ${CLIENT_ID}
      OAUTH2_PROXY_CLIENT_SECRET: ${CLIENT_SECRET}
      OAUTH2_PROXY_PASS_ACCESS_TOKEN: true # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_EMAIL_DOMAINS: '*' # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_REDIRECT_URL: http://localhost:4180/oauth2/callback # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SECRET: ${OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SECRET} # <.>

    ports:
      - 4180:4180 # <.>
----

<.> Build and run Dockerfile in the current directory.
<.> Listen on port `4180`.

> <.> Proxy authenticated requests to the Java web-app container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> Proxy authenticated requests to the Java web-app container.
```
period for consistency

<.> OIDC client information (issuer, client ID, and client secret), these values are defined in the `.env` file.
<.> Optionally, pass the access to the web-app.
<.> Allow all email domains unless you use a social auth provider, you'll want to manage this in your IdP and NOT in your application.
<.> Set the redirect URL to an `http` URL, this defaults to `https`.

> <.> Open up the `.env` file and set this variable to a random 32-byte base64 string `openssl rand -base64 32 | tr -- '+/' '-_'`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> Open up the `.env` file and set this variable to a random 32-byte base64 string `openssl rand -base64 32 | tr -- '+/' '-_'`.
```
punctuation consistency

TIP: If you are already logged into your Okta account, open an incognito/private browser to see the full sign-in flow.

Great, the application is now secured, but we still have a few things to clean up:

* All the session state is stored in a cookie.
* The initial double redirect sign-in page has to go.
* We haven't talked about API access yet.

These first two problems can be fixed with a few updates to the OAuth2 Proxy configuration. Edit the `docker-compose.yml` file:

====
[source,diff]
----
       OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SECRET: ${OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SECRET}
+      OAUTH2_PROXY_SKIP_PROVIDER_BUTTON: true # <.>
+      OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_NAME: SESSION # <.>
+      OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SAMESITE: lax # <.>
+      OAUTH2_PROXY_SESSION_STORE_TYPE: redis # <.>
+      OAUTH2_PROXY_REDIS_CONNECTION_URL: redis://redis
    ports:
      - 4180:4180
+    depends_on:
+      - redis
+
+  redis:# <.>
+    image: redis:7.0.2-alpine3.16
+    volumes:
+      - cache:/data # <.>
+
+volumes:
+  cache:
+    driver: local
----

<.> Skip the default login page and redirect directly to the IdP.

> <.> By default, the cookie name is `_oauth2_proxy`; change it to `SESSION`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> By default, the cookie name is `_oauth2_proxy`; change it to `SESSION`.
```
consistent periods

<.> Set the cookie's same site policy to `lax`; the redirect from the OAuth IdP will need the session cookie.

> <.> Use Redis to store session information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> Use Redis to store session information.
```
consistent periods

> <.> Start up a Redis container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> Start up a Redis container.
```
consistent periods

> <.> Persist the Redis data between restarts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> Persist the Redis data between restarts.
```
consistent periods

====

Stop the docker-compose process (kbd:[Ctrl + C]) and start it up again:

[source,bash]
----
docker compose up
----

Once again, open your browser to `\http://localhost:4180/` and open up your network tab, you will see the renamed and now smaller `SESSION` cookie.

You _could_ stop here, but you shouldn't; we still have a few issues: API clients are not supported, and we haven't talked about logging out.

> IMPORTANT: For the next section, you will need an access token. You can use the access token from your last request's `x-access-token` header. Open your terminal and set an environment variable: `export TOKEN=\{you-token-value}`.

Reviewer: is the `\` suppose to be there?

Author: Yeah, IIRC there is some odd interaction with liquid tags and adoc.

Reviewer 2: Also, should "you-token-value" be "your-token-value" for readability?

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: For the next section, you will need an access token. You can use the access token from your last request's `x-access-token` header. Open your terminal and set an environment variable: `export TOKEN=\{your-token-value}`.
```

🤦

image::{% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy-simple.svg' %}[alt=Sequence Diagram showing an API request through oauth2-proxy,align=center,link={% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy-simple.svg' %}]

Let's take a step back and configure OAuth2 Proxy to allow JWT access tokens. This might be all you need for some applications, but if you need to support both browser and API clients, keep reading, we will get there in the following section.

In the `docker-compose.yml`, trim down the environment variables to the bare minimum needed for a REST API:

====
[source,yaml]
----
...
    environment:
      OAUTH2_PROXY_UPSTREAMS: http://web-app:8080/
      OAUTH2_PROXY_PROVIDER: oidc # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_EMAIL_DOMAINS: '*'
      OAUTH2_PROXY_SKIP_JWT_BEARER_TOKENS: true # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_OIDC_EMAIL_CLAIM: sub # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_OIDC_ISSUER_URL: ${ISSUER} # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_CLIENT_ID: api://default # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_SET_XAUTHREQUEST: true
      OAUTH2_PROXY_CLIENT_SECRET: this_value_is_required_but_not_used # <.>
      OAUTH2_PROXY_COOKIE_SECRET: NOT_USED_BUT_REQUIRED_VALUE_32b_ # <.>
...
----

> <.> We are not actually using any of the OIDC flows, but this is still required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<.> We are not actually using any of the OIDC flows, but this is still required.
```
consistent use of periods

<.> Perhaps a poorly named variable, this tells `oauth2-proxy` to validate the JWT access token and to "skip" looking for an OAuth 2.0 session.
<.> Read the user's email from the `sub` claim in the access token.
<.> The same issuer URL is used, the JWKS endpoint will be looked up automatically via the OIDC discovery metadata.
<.> The "client-id" is actually the audience `aud` claim and not the ID of a specific client (multiple API "clients" could be accessing the same REST API).
<.> There is no "client-secret," but it's a required field...
<.> Same with the cookie secret, these flows do not use cookies, but the field is required.
====

> Restart the services (stop and then run `docker compose up` again.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Restart the services. (Stop and then run `docker compose up` again.)
```
making 2 sentences

> Using the access token environment variable, you set in the previous section run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the access token environment variable you set in the previous section, run this:
```
clarity

[source,bash]
----
http :4180/echo "Authorization: Bearer ${TOKEN}"
----

Awesome! Now your application is secured for REST clients!

> Not so fast; now our browser clients don't work correctly, the client ID and secret are not correct, which means users will not be able to log in. We can fix both of these problems with Nginx.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not so fast; now our browser clients don't work correctly! The client ID and secret are not correct, which means users will not be able to log in. We can fix both of these problems with Nginx.
```

== Add Nginx to route traffic

Adding another reverse proxy into the mix might seem excessive; for a request to get to the application, it would need to pass through both Nginx and OAuth2 Proxy first. However, you may already use Nginx for load balancing, TLS termination, or other ingress concerns.

image::{% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/nginx-oauth2-proxy-browser.svg' %}[alt=Sequence Diagram showing a flowing through both request with Nginx and oauth2-proxy,align=center,link={% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/nginx-oauth2-proxy-browser.svg' %}]

> While we could route our traffic through both proxies as pictured above, I will use the Nginx `auth_request` directive instead. Nginx will make a REST request to OAuth2 Proxy's `/oauth2/auth` endpoint using the original request headers (including any cookies and `Authorization` headers). OAuth2 Proxy will respond with a `202` status code if the request was valid or a `401` otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While we could route our traffic through both proxies as pictured above, I will use the Nginx `auth_request` directive instead. Nginx will make a REST request to OAuth2 Proxy's `/oauth2/auth` endpoint using the original request headers (including any cookies and `Authorization` headers). OAuth2 Proxy will respond with a `202` status code if the request is valid or a `401` otherwise.
```
verb tense alignment

image::{% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/nginx-oauth2-proxy-api.svg' %}[alt=Sequence Diagram showing an request with Nginx and oauth2-proxy,align=center,link={% asset_path 'blog/add-auth-to-any-app-with-oauth2-proxy/nginx-oauth2-proxy-api.svg' %}]

This setup uses the same number of requests as the previous diagram but provides additional flexibility on how requests are routed to the upstream web app.

=== Configure Nginx

Jump back into the `docker-compose.yml` and add a new `service` for Nginx:

[source,yml]
----
...
  nginx:
    image: nginx:1.21.6-alpine
    depends_on:
      - oauth2-proxy
      - web-app
    volumes:
      - ./nginx-default.conf.template:/etc/nginx/templates/default.conf.template
    ports:
      - 80:80
----

> Next, create a `nginx-default.conf.template` file this block is a little involved, be sure to read the annotations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, create a `nginx-default.conf.template` file.  This code block is a little involved, be sure to read the annotations:
```
clarity

        auth_request_set $auth_cookie $upstream_http_set_cookie;
        add_header Set-Cookie $auth_cookie;

        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Host $host:80;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Port 80;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Server $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto http;

        proxy_http_version 1.1; # <.>
        proxy_pass http://web-app:8080/; # <.>
    }
}
----

<.> Don't expose this route to external clients.
<.> Nginx makes a request to `oauth2-proxy` REST API, to verify the auth for this request.
<.> Add headers returned from the auth request.
<.> HTTP 1.0 is the default if not set.
<.> Send authenticated requests to the web app.
====

Restart the docker containers and verify everything is working with HTTPie (make sure you are using port `80` now).

[source,bash]
----
http localhost/echo "Authorization: Bearer ${TOKEN}"
----

If you remove or change the `Authorization` header, a `401` will be returned. Browser requests will now also return a `401`!

> Almost done! We still need to make everything work for both API clients and browsers and handle sign-out requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Almost done! We still need to make everything work for both API clients and browsers, and handle sign-out requests.
```
clarity

== Route  all traffic through Nginx

> Sending all the traffic through Nginx has the added benefit of being able to control how the OAuth2 Proxy endpoints are exposed. For example, the previous section marked the `/oauth2/auth` route as "internal," so only the `auth_requst` directive can use it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sending all the traffic through Nginx has the added benefit of giving you control of how the OAuth2 Proxy endpoints are exposed. For example, the previous section marked the `/oauth2/auth` route as "internal," so only the `auth_requst` directive can use it.
```
verb tense alignment

> In the `nginx-default.conf.template` add a couple of new `location` sections to expose the other `/oauth2` endpoints. The first `location` will handle the OAuth 2.0-related requests like the redirect callback. The second will configure the sign-out endpoint to accept only POST requests (this prevents a rogue GET request from ending the user's session).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `nginx-default.conf.template`, add a couple of new `location` sections to expose the other `/oauth2` endpoints. The first `location` will handle the OAuth 2.0-related requests like the redirect callback. The second will configure the sign-out endpoint to accept only POST requests. (This prevents a rogue GET request from ending the user's session).
```
clarifying punctuation

====
[source,conf]
----
    location /oauth2/ {
        proxy_pass       http://oauth2-proxy:4180; # <.>
        proxy_set_header Host                    $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP               $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Scheme                $scheme;
    }

    location = /oauth2/sign_out { # <.>
        # Sign-out mutates the session, only allow POST requests
        if ($request_method != POST) {
            return 405;
        }

        proxy_pass       http://oauth2-proxy:4180;
        proxy_set_header Host                    $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP               $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Scheme                $scheme;
    }
...
----

<.> Send the OAuth callback and logout requests to oauth2-proxy.
<.> Only allow POST requests to the sign-out endpoint.
====

> NOTE: The sign-out endpoint does not use a CSRF token. TODO: link to Alisa's post on this topic.

Reviewer 2: This one? https://developer.okta.com/blog/2022/07/08/spa-web-security-csrf-xss#validate-requests-for-authenticity-to-mitigate-csrf

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: OAuth2 Proxy's sign-out endpoint does not use a link:/blog/2022/07/08/spa-web-security-csrf-xss#validate-requests-for-authenticity-to-mitigate-csrf[CSRF token]. 
```

Should this link be more obvious like:
> ... does not use a CSRF token, link:/blog/2022/07/08/spa-web-security-csrf-xss#validate-requests-for-authenticity-to-mitigate-csrf[learn about why that's important]

One last change, update the `location /` section to redirect to the sign-in page for all non-API clients:

[source,conf]
----
location / {
        auth_request /oauth2/auth;

        # if the authorization header was set (i.e. `Authorization: Bearer {token}`)
        # assume API client and do NOT redirect to login page
        if ($http_authorization = "") {
            error_page 401 = /oauth2/start;
        }
...
----

== Configure OAuth2 Proxy to support API and browser clients

> If you have been following along closely, you noticed that there are a few OAuth2 Proxy configuration values that are overloaded; for example, the "client ID" is used both as the ID of the OAuth client, and the JWT value for the audience. Luckily there is a workaround! Here is the final annotated `docker-compose.yml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have been following along closely, you'll have noticed that there are a few OAuth2 Proxy configuration values that are overloaded; for example, the "client ID" is used both as the ID of the OAuth client, and the JWT value for the audience. Luckily, there is a workaround! Here is the final annotated `docker-compose.yml`:
```
verb tense

<.> Use Redis for session management.
<.> Refresh cookies every 30 minutes.
<.> Set the session cookie name to `SESSION`.
<.> Configure the encryption key (loaded from the `.env` file).
====

Restart the services and access the application through your browser: `http://localhost/echo`. Try again using HTTPie:

[source,bash]
----
http localhost/echo "Authorization: Bearer ${TOKEN}"
----

Both requests should show similar information!

Without any code changes, the "echo" web application is now secured with OIDC / OAuth 2.0!

== Is OAuth2 Proxy right for your application?

This post taught you how to secure an existing application with OAuth 2.0 without any code changes! OAuth2 Proxy isn't just for legacy applications; it's also commonly used in a sidecar pattern with Kubernetes, allowing you to keep authorization concerns separate from your application.

It's not perfect, though; there are a few shortcomings:

- SSO logout (link:/blog/2020/03/27/spring-oidc-logout-options[OIDC RP-Initated Logout]) isn't supported yet.
- Requires working around a logout route that accepts `GET` requests and doesn't require a CSRF token.

> - API use cases only support JWTs access tokens; if your application needs to link:/blog/2020/08/07/spring-boot-remote-vs-local-tokens[remotly validate tokens] you would need another solution. It may be easier to configure https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html[Nginx's JWT module] instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- API use cases support JWTs only as access tokens; if your application needs to link:/blog/2020/08/07/spring-boot-remote-vs-local-tokens[remotely validate tokens] you would need another solution. It may be easier to configure https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html[Nginx's JWT module] instead.
```
typo, grammar

Author: ```suggestion
- API use cases support JWT only access tokens; if your application needs to link:/blog/2020/08/07/spring-boot-remote-vs-local-tokens[remotely validate tokens] you would need another solution. It may be easier to configure https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_jwt_module.html[Nginx's JWT module] instead.
```

- Configuration is a little clunky; some values are required but not used.

Where does it shine?

> If you need to add authentication to an application that doesn't have OAuth support, or you need to support various types of applications in a standard way. In that case, OAuth2 Proxy can be a great choice! As a bonus, it has excellent https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy/docs/[documentation].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to add authentication to an application that doesn't have OAuth support, or you need to support various types of applications in a standard way, OAuth2 Proxy can be a great choice! As a bonus, it has excellent https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy/docs/[documentation].
```
condensed to avoid a sentence fragment
